Clarify Hub generated syncerror events (#385)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-5-EventNotification.md

* Responding to the event notification with an HTTP 202 (Accepted) as described above, then, once experiencing the error or refusing the change, send a [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) event to the Hub. If the application cannot determine whether it will follow context within 10 seconds after reception of the event it SHOULD send a [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) event.

If the Hub receives an error notification from a subscriber, it SHALL generate a [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) event to the other subscribers of that topic. [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events are like other events in that they need to be subscribed to in order for an app to receive the notifications and they have the same structure as other events, the context being a single FHIR `OperationOutcome` resource.

The figure below illustrates the `webhook` and `websocket` Event Notification Error Sequence.

{% include img.html img="ErrorSequence.png" caption="Figure: Event Notification Error flow diagram" %}

More information on the source of notification errors and how to resolve them can be found in [Synchronization Considerations](4-2-syncconsiderations.html).

## Hub Generated `syncerror` Events

> In addition to distributing [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events sent by a subscribed application to all subscribed applications, the Hub may generate [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events under certain conditions and distribute these events to all subscribed applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to distributing [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events sent by a subscribed application to all subscribed applications, the Hub SHALL generate and communicate [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events to subscribed applications under the following conditions -- 
```
Clarify language for readability.

> The Hub SHALL generate [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events when a request requiring events be sent and a subscribed application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 1.  has previously closed its WebSocket connection to the Hub with a Close Reason other than 1000 or 1001 (see [WebSocket RFC](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6455.html#section-7.1.6))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  A subscribed application's WebSocket connection is closed with any Connection Close Reason other than 1000 (normal closure) or 1001 (going away) (see [WebSocket RFC](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6455.html#section-7.1.6) and [WebSocket Status Codes](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6455.html#section-7.4))

```

> 2. does not respond to the distributed event by the Hub within 10 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. And, the application does not respond to the distributed event by the Hub within 10 seconds or an order of magnitude lower than the subscription time-out.

Implementer feedback is solicited on the amount and specificity of time, above.

```

Generated [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events should be distributed only to applications which have subscribed to the event which triggered the [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) to be generated.

After the Hub generates and distributes a [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) indicating that an application is not responsive, the Hub shall remove that application from its list of applications subscribed to the topic so that no additional [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events are distributed on behalf of the nonresponsive application.

The Hub SHALL NOT generate [`syncerror`](3-8-syncerror.html) events in the following situations:
1. If a client fails to respond to a [`heartbeat`](3-11-heartbeat.html) event

> 2. If a client closes its WebSocket connection to the Hub with a Close Reason of 1000 or 1001 (see [WebSocket RFC](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6455.html#section-7.1.6)).  Note that if an application is deliberately shutdown, the application should unsubscribe (Unscrube event here) as part of their shutdown process (thus avoiding this scenario).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The application closes its WebSocket connection to the Hub with a [Connection Close Reason](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6455.html#section-7.4.1) of 1000 (normal closure) or 1001 (going away).  

During a normal shutdown of an application, it SHALL unsubscribe, and provide a WebSocket Connection Close Reason of 1000 and not rely upon the Hub recognizing and unsubscribing it as an unresponsive app.

```
